doc: add the upgrade guide from 2021.1 to 2022.1 (#11036)
scylladb/scylla: docs/upgrade/_common/upgrade-guide-from-2021.1-to-2022.1-ubuntu-and-debian.rst

=============================================================================
Upgrade Guide - ScyllaDB Enterprise 2021.1 to 2022.1 for |OS|
=============================================================================

This document is a step-by-step procedure for upgrading from ScyllaDB Enterprise 2021.1 to ScyllaDB Enterprise 2022.1, and rollback to 2021.1 if required.

Applicable Versions
===================

> This guide covers upgrading ScyllaDB from version **2021.1.8** or later to ScyllaDB Enterprise version 2021.1.y on the following platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers upgrading ScyllaDB Enterprise from version 2021.1.x to ScyllaDB Enterprise version 2022.1.y on the following platform:
```
